Standardize our Powershell code (#72423)
dotnet/roslyn: docs/contributing/Powershell Guidelines.md

approaches.  The guidelines below are meant to push scripts to this mindset of execution.

## Coding Style

1. Opening braces always go at the end of an expression / statement. 
1. Closing braces always occur on an otherwise empty line.
1. We use two space indentation.
1. Use Pascal casing for functions and where possible follow the Verb-Name convention.
1. Use Camel casing for all other identifier.
1. Use full command names instead of aliases.  For example `Get-Content` vs. `gc`.  Aliases can be
overridden by the environment and hence are not considered portable.

## General Guidelines

### Script Template

All Powershell scripts that execute in CI need to conform to the following template.

```powershell
[CmdletBinding(PositionalBinding=$false)]
param (
    [switch]$ci = $false,
    [string]$configuration = "Debug")

Set-StrictMode -version 2.0
$ErrorActionPreference="Stop"

try { 
  . (Join-Path $PSScriptRoot "build-utils.ps1")
  $prepareMachine = $ci

  # Body of Powershell script goes here

  ExitWithExitCode 0
}
catch {
  Write-Host $_
  Write-Host $_.Exception
  Write-Host $_.ScriptStackTrace
  ExitWithExitCode 1
}
```

The rationale for these parts are:

> - `Set-StrictMode`: forces forces Powershell into a more strict mode of interpretation and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Set-StrictMode`: forces Powershell into a stricter mode of interpretation and
```

help with our goals of reliability as it makes errors hard stops (unless specifically stated otherwise)
- `$prepareMachine = $ci`: is necessary to ensure `ExitWithExitCode` properly exits all
build processes in CI environments (conforming to arcade guidelines).
- `ExitWithExitCode`: arcade standard for exiting a script that deals with process management
- `PositionalBinding=$false`: alerts callers when they have incorrect parameters invoking a
script

### Coding Guidelines

Use `Exec-*` functions to execute programs or `dotnet` commands. This adds automatic
error detection on invocation failure, incorrect parameters, etc ... 

```powershell
# DO NOT
& msbuild /v:m /m Roslyn.sln
& dotnet build Roslyn.sln

# DO
Exec-Command "msbuild" "/v:m /m Roslyn.sln"
Exec-DotNet "build Roslyn.sln"
```

Scripts that have many executions of `dotnet` commands can store the `dotnet` command in a variable
and use `Exec-Command` instead.

Call `Test-LastExitCode` after invoking a powershell script to make sure failure is not ignored.

```powershell
# DO NOT
& eng/make-bootstrap.ps1
Write-Host "Done with Bootstrap"

# DO
& eng/make-bootstrap.ps1

> Test-LastExitCode

Reviewer: Why not `Exec-Script`?

Author: It is very difficult to pass switch based values between scripts with `Exec-Script` and Powershell. For example the following is tricky: 

```powershell
Exec-Script "eng/build.ps1" "-ci:$ci" 
```

That turns into `-ci:true` which isn't a valid Powershell calling syntax.
